Auth Proxy: Support setting Organization roles via HTTP headers (#34261)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/auth/auth-proxy.md

[Learn more about Team Sync]({{< relref "team-sync.md" >}})

## Organization roles

> Roles can be set via the headers configuration. The specific attribute to support this feature is called 'Orgs'. e.g. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Roles can be set using the headers configuration. The specific attribute to support this feature is called 'Orgs'. 

For example: 
```

```bash
# Optionally define more headers to sync other user attributes
headers: 'Orgs:X-WEBAUTH-ORGS'
```

> The value is something in the lines of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value is something like this:
```

```bash
X-WEBAUTH-ORGS: 1,2,3
```
or 
```bash
X-WEBAUTH-ORGS: 1:Admin,2:Viewer,3:Editor
```
or anything in between
```bash
X-WEBAUTH-ORGS: 1:Admin,2,3:Editor
```

> Where 1, 2 & 3 are the IDs of existing organizations. Behind the (optional) colon (:), you can put the role assigned to this organization. You can only choose between Admin, Editor or Viewer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where 1, 2, and 3 are the IDs of existing organizations. Behind the (optional) colon (:), you can put the role assigned to this organization. You can only choose Admin, Editor, or Viewer.
```

> If nothing is provided or a typo is made (it is case-sensitive as well), it will default to having only viewing rights for that organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If nothing is provided or a typo is made (it is case-sensitive as well), then it will default to having only viewing rights for that organization.
```
